added suggested replies doc (#1381)
airyhq/airy: docs/docs/api/endpoints/suggest-replies.mdx

`POST /messages.suggestReplies`

> Suggest a set of replies for a given message id. UI clients can show these to agents to make responding to user inquiries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suggest a set of replies for a given message id. UI clients can then show these replies to agents  to help them responding user inquiries
```
